Git:
		Use .gitignore to ignore xcuserdata from git repo. xcuserdata contains personal config data from xcode

Project:
		Avoid having warnings after compilation, right now we have 4 warnings in the assets icons
		Clean up useless assets, code, function, variables… (ex: getLocalJsonFile, QuestionData.json)
		Prefer struct over class, when it’s reasonable (ex: QuizModel should be struct). Todo: learn about different between Struct & Class
		Take care of accessibility variable (using private as much as possible). It helps improve readability since reader knows if a variable used only in the scope of current class. It also improve build speed since private won't need to be exposed in header file
		Override function, in general, must have super (ex: super.viewWillAppear())
		Delegate variable should be weak (ex: weak var delegate: ResultViewControllerProtocol) to avoid memory leak. Todo: learn about weak & strong & unowned
		Async process callback should check existing of self, so we usually use weak self to prevent memory leak. Ex UIView.animate(…) { [weak self] completed in …}
		Avoid bundling all protocol conformance in one big implementation. Ex: ViewController can be split in extension ViewController: UITableViewDelegate & extension ViewController: UITableViewDataSource…etc.
		Should use name that self explain for classes, variables, protocol…etc Ex: ViewController could be renamed to QuizViewController
		Clean up useless input parameter by default: ex: completion: nil could be removed since it has default value nil already

Next Steps:
	Use MVVM instead of MVC
	Make answer cell a separate custom view cell
	Localization of text
	Add Unit/UI tests
	Work on real interview test project
